In order to begin these practices, and again, of course, we continue many times, we've mentioned
that, of course, you have the opportunity to set up a shrine, nice in your area, and then go in
your home, home, and nice location, and do set up a shrine.
Because shrine, generally, what represents is our devotion, our joy, our appreciation, our practice
, and that is what really this shrine represents.
It's beautiful, nice shrine, nice, "F" is coming, it's with your family members, and as well as
your friends, and "F" is there.
And then nice shrine, something nice, appealing, beautiful looking, beautiful display, kind of
follow with the according instructions, or the lineage instructions, but at the same time, nice,
kind of that appealing, in the center of that, and then for the Buddha, Murugamma Sambo Tara,
and then for your white umbrella, or other, optimal veneration, so you put up that. And then also
nice, that cheap, kind of clean, and neat, as you can every day, or those are important.
And then, we begin to practice, and as you all know, do walk three or four stations to the shrine,
three or four stations, and then sit down, uncomfortable on the cushion, person to the shrine, and
then start with the practices.
If Sambo is not convinced to set up the shrine by your friend or family member, then again, you don
't have to consider that, because as I said, the shrine is a symbol of our joy, appreciation, and
devotion, that is.
But the really shrine is in our heart, heart, that is the most important, and that is again, joy,
devotion, closeness, feeling to the Buddha, the Buddha, and the Sambo, strongly kind of unfailing
devotion, and joy, and appreciation, that is the absolute shrine, and ignite that quality, and feel
joy, and appreciation, and so on.
And then, if again, commoners do three or four stations, not sit comfortably, wherever that is, is
in the corner of the room, or the other side, and then begin to practice.
And begin to practice again, with this, and then, first we start with the ago, opening prayers,
lineage prayers, seven-line prayers, and lineage prayers, those prayers.
But, when you join this, feel the presence of the Gaurapayama Sambo, right in front of the sky, sky
, strongly, Gaurapayama Sambo, verbatim, verbatim, verbatim as transcendent of the Vaisra rainbow-
boarding of love and kindness and compassion, as bladed as the sunlight, like far, billions of the
sunlight come through that as one single state, as that kind of power of love and compassion, and V
aisra.
And Swaranda and Vidin Gaurapayama Sambo, all the lineage masters, and then white umbrellas, and so
forth, all that they did, just see that, everything, and feel great joy and appreciation.
As I said, practice means practicing joy, practicing appreciation, practicing devotion, and
practicing six paramatas, and the patience, the tolerance, and forgiveness, all those beautiful
things, that is what really means, practice, practice.
That practice, we are not going to live on the cushion, but with that practice, we are going to
carry with our world, wherever we go, we are going to keep that practice.
That is known as the, the really practitioners, practically. So therefore, again, we are all
practicing, but sometimes, many times, we kind of practice, live in the room or cushion, and then
kind of forget, when we deal with the family member, or with the world, that we miss those things.
So therefore, indeed, those qualities are so important. And now, back with our practices.
So, sit on the cushion with great joy and appreciation, and feel this, one of the beautiful moments
, and beautiful things, that I am glorified by my beautiful natures, is so special.
I am going to benefit to myself, and going to benefit to the others.
I am going to give a beautiful example to my family member, to the others of my work, I am
practicing.
Really feel those strongly in the heart and mind, and may what I am thinking, what may or what I am
doing, may it by the blessings of the old enlightenment.
I am going to help myself, fulfill that, that kind of wish, and making kind of beautiful, to set
forward, put stuff, kind of set, set that legacy, statement in our heart and mind.
And then, join the prayers, pray of the seven-mind prayers, and as well as those prayers.
One way of praying is, is call of our devotion, joy and appreciation, and their blessings.
We blend it in, completely mangled in, their optimal revelation of work and muscle, we are vocal
izing, we are here, but throughout the meditating part, we all merge it as one central state, in the
state of the devotion and joy and appreciation.
Kind of feel that, that surroundness of the, that blessings, very strong.
And then finally, we are going to assemble all the living masters, dissolve to you, all you
continually now, do, do the rafuddhi prayers.
Rafuddhi prayers is not, not in here, so we have to adapt to that.
And that is, I think, most, very popular one, is that what we have the rafuddhi in bodhi, the
prayers of the Buddha, sadhana, sanghe, cudane, sodyam, pionana, all I take rafuddhi in the Buddha,
the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, to the excellent Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, antariah, the enlightenment.
And that is, and then I'll generate the bodhi together, to benefit for all living beings in the
practice of six-fire mothers.
Mothers, I mean that, this is just what I said, this rafuddhi to asana, you have, good to asana, we
have bhukages, so join that prayers.
This is a very powerful technique, rafuddhi in bodhi, in the practice of all the Tibetan Buddhists.
Many great masters said this was composed by the kentuzong devotees, kentuzong devotees, they
prayed that.
And some said, in teaching, said it was composed by the great masters of each other.
Either way, this is composed by one of the great masters and is so popular greatest.
It is blessed by so many great masters and practiced throughout the century, all four schools of
Tibetan Buddhism or at schools of the Tibetan Buddhism.
They really practiced this again and again.
So in a way, we are following their voice of the devotion, their courage, their commitment, their
joy, their appreciation, their love,
and their kindness and compassion.
It is so spiritual world.
And kind of each world, when you join that, and of course you can join that also in English, put
that into heart.
Not just sing, that of course sing is very spiritual, but connect the meaning to the heart, but
really kind of like activate our heart with joy and devotion in both each other.
And that is very, very special.
Then we'll make something change in our systems.
With this, we'll put those bhagrathas in bodhicitta and then this poor, boneless prayers.
Again, in the Buddha's heart, that do those prayers three times.
And each raffle gets bodhicitta three times, three times as your own.
And this poor, boneless again is so special.
I'm not just saying that.
And can you read what you said that too?
Can you read that and how powerful it is?
How beautiful it is?
How genuine statement is?
There's no slightly stance of the ego, selfish, greedy things.
It's total open, total crystallized statement.
From the deep of the pure love and kindness and compassion and wisdom,
thinking of all the sentient beings is really so powerful prayers, so special for our prayers.
As we pray and we touch that to the heart, the meaning, it is something we're doing so good,
spiritually.
Buddha mentioned so many times in the teaching, even we have one instant thought of true love, love
and kindness thought.
It has so much powerful benefit, so much power.
It removes all obstacles, diseases, sicknesses, bringing joy and peace, happiness to ourselves and
joy and peace to the others.
Also, non-visible beings, they will always become our protectors, help and supporters.
Buddha said, repeated again and again.
And therefore, this loving kindness practice is one of the most powerful practices among all the
practices.
It will also, even in the teaching, not just even in the teaching said, that just by only practice
that,
we will take immediately rebirth in higher realm when we leave this world, in the God's realm.
And therefore, even in the teaching said, this is called cause to take the birth in the higher than
the should have.
Brahma rams, the realm of the Brahma, and as you know, there are three realms.
Poem rams, desire rams, poem rams and formless rams.
In the poem rams, there are Brahma rams, where the Brahma leaves.
And this loving kindness practice is immediately directed cause to take rebirth in that realm.
We named that.
And then comparison, and then joy, and then economic.
I mean, it's just so much treasure. It's true.
Because we find that often, it looks kind of very casual.
But how many teaching x-rays, this kind of statement, this kind of prayers, you really read.
You know more about those, all the different schools, different doctrines and all that.
This is so special.
It's so powerful practices.
And when you sit there in the heart, in the mind, in the presence of all the enlightened beings,
in Gurukvit Masamur, in the white umbrella, then really we're making touch.
We're making true statement and true connection.
We're making change.
White umbrella, that is white umbrella.
White umbrella is selfishness.
White umbrella is true love, true compassion.
True joy, and totally great economic, and great vast state of the Pandya Paramattan status.
So when we touch that, we're touching here true natures.
And then it's also our true natures.
True nature.
We blend in without any separation, no distractions.
This is something so special and beautiful.
And we're making really true practices.
We are true practices.
We're setting up there.
And this is, as he said, and you know, you know, this brings peace and happiness to us.
This brings peace and happiness to others, to whole world.
There's no better peace method, peace producer, than for all these practices.
There's nothing, really nothing you can eat.
There's something that you can tell us or tell me.
We can think.
But there's nothing else.
This is just so most powerful.
So do those prayers, these prayers, again, with it.
With those beautiful intentions, and in the presence of the White umbrella,
and Gurbel and Masambha, all lineage masters.
And that is known as the first novel.
First novel, as he said.
This is first novel.
Novel.
And then, finally, with the prom that was all of your generation, Gurbel and Masambha,
all excited, all joined, because of your intentions.
Our intention, the beautiful intention, beautiful thought, they feel so happy,
happy in the joy, and all excitedly, and then give all the blessings to us.
And that moment, they dissolve into light, and they dissolve back to you, and become,
and mingle with the old nature of the mind.
If you have time, do meditate for a few seconds or a few minutes.
With that, calm and soothing, and just that is relative status.
For a few minutes or a few seconds, whatever.
This is, as he said, said, first novel ones.
Which is known as Jorva Sivitama, Inertities, the post-beautiful intention,
the novel, beautiful intention, with both each other, in the devotion, and rough with your
confidence.
And now, we set up beautiful foundation, beautiful preparation, beautiful ground.
In a way, in a building level, where we construct something,
we set up the beautiful now foundations, perfectly foundation.
Foundation is perfect proportionally, measurement, strength,
or quality level is perfect.
And we planted the seed on the garden, with perfectly beautiful seed,
preparation of the soil, and all the ground, manual, whatever the soil needed,
everything that he prepared now.
And this is perfectly now set in our practices.
With this, and then, as in the teaching set here, then are we going to visualize.